So we have a couple more
things to talk about today.
And in these next couple
sections are some of the most
important things I can offer you, some of
the most important pieces of knowledge
that I see underappreciated and
underused in the TypeScript ecosystem.
So, I wanna make sure that
we get to these things.
First, let's talk about dealing
with pure type information.
And this can appear in our app
in a couple different places.
First, we have this concept of,
maybe we have models, right?
So this slack app potentially could
have a team, a channel, a message.
These are sort of data entities
that relate to my app.
And I may use those types in
various different places.
So I'll show you where I would put
those and that is in a TypeScript file,
side by side with all of
the rest of my stuff.
types.ts and in here, I could and
if you're following along in
the notes from section seven,
so I'm gonna go and
grab the contents of this file.
You can read through the stuff which
I'll be talking about in a moment.
But this is this big section,
a bunch of different interfaces.
So I'm gonna bring those into this
newly created file, and there we go.
So, this is gonna be a JavaScript module
like any other and if we build it,
We'll see that the JavaScript piece
test disappears to almost nothing.
Because interfaces, of course, are just
type information, there's nothing else.
In fact,
I don't think I'm even going to touch,
I'm not even going to see this file yet
because I have not imported it anywhere.
So let's import it in one place.
So I wanna go to this data folder,
which is sort of a data layer.
And we've got some functions
here that pretty clearly
are intended to make some API calls.
So get all teams is gonna return an array
of teams and I've called this an ITeam.
Now, this is a convention if anyone
here has worked with C-Sharp,
this is a convention borrowed from
that ecosystem where the capital
I leaving the interface name indicates
that something's in an interface.
And the reason is if I see something like
this, without having some sort of naming
convention, it's not immediately clear to
me that this is just type information.
And by the way I could do,
I could use the new type
only import here, and
it will work just fine.
So we're getting a list of teams,
this returns a promise that
resolves, To list of teams,
Get team by ID this returns
a promise that resolves to a team.
And these cached lists here,
let's see making this API call,
I'm returning this, so
that looks like it's the right type.
And just taking a look at this real quick,
I expect that this is also going to be
a promise that resolves to an ITeam.
Okay, so now we're using our type
information in at least one spot.
I'm gonna build once more, and I just
want us to look at the build output, so
we can see what all happens here.
So if I were to look in here and search
for like ITeam, it's just not in here,
no results, no concept of this
symbol being available in here.
So it just disappears.
So that's what I would do with type
information that has to do with my app.
But that's not the only kind of type
information we need to worry about.